i stopped being a bookaholic like I used to three years ago.

my excuses were the usual:

too busy to sit down with a good story
eye strain from staring at a computer screen trying to read PDFs (i still struggle with this when i try to read papers plz help)
sometimes i even blame covid vaccine for messing with my focus
u know how you just spit out reasons to dodge what you used to love? that was just me, making a little excuse fort to hide in.

it's not that i wasn't reading anything -- but i wasn't reading enough.

last week, my homie slid me his old Kobo Glo e-reader.

that thing killed every excuse I had.

after using it for a week now, i feel like a new man.

i also didn't code that weekend, and spent the time just reading.

tkhyel meaya everything i said before just sounded dumb once I was actually turning pages again.

now i’m back at it, actually enjoying reading again.

started with some fiction and thrillers in arabic and english..

i’ve also been digging into more technical books (not ai related)

WARNING: it's not because some gadget waved a magic wand.

it's also not because an e-reader is all you need.

an act was all i needed (and definitely all you need)

my goal from this whole reading is to understand stuff that makes you think differently, and builds you up a little f other domains you're not even aware of..

basically: polymath is the goal.

the most ambitious ppl are the ones who are "curious", aka polymath.

i’m not there yet, but i’m moving.

and in my case, reading will definitely help..

it's kinda relative i would say..

ambition looks different depending on where you’re standing.

for some, it’s building a nuclear reactor in a bedroom; for others, it’s figuring out how to live a life that doesn’t feel like a treadmill.

what's interesting is: sometimes you don’t realize how much you miss something til it lands back in your lap.

life’s too short to let good things slip away behind weak excuses.

note to self 3wtani:

find out what you love (or used to love) and make it work again. that’s it.


